The Hotel Experience(Liberated)

https://the-hotel-experience.herokuapp.com/

   The Hotel Experience was developed to improve customer experience within any given hotel that implements and uses the app. It allows the user, or rather ‘guest’, to do many of the actions that would usually be done by speaking with the front desk or concierge, all through one simple interface online. Log your stays, submit a maintenance request, place a virtual "do not disturb", and chat online with the front desk are just some of the included features. The Hotel Experience was created using a Ruby on Rails framework, PostgreSQl database, Sass styling, and jQuery, with additional functionality by Semantic.ui, Bootstrap, Paperclip, Image Magick, This, Faye, Private_pub, and Moment.js to name a few. 
   
   
Features: 
1) Maintance Request(Work Order)- Lightbulb out? Remote not working? Let the maintenance department know immediately by submitting a description of your problem along with your hotel room number, select a time slot for when they can come to fix or replace the issue, and even take a picture of the issue at hand. 

2)Housekeeping Schedule- So you are out and about enjoying the day after getting a way to early start. You come back for a relaxing nap to find housekeeping is still cleaning your room. Yes they are just doing their job and you are glad to have them do it but…maybe not right now right? Now you can select a time slot when you will be out of the room for them to make up your room in peace. Even add a tip to thank them for personally for their excellent service and accommodation.

3)Front Desk Chat- Still can't find what you need with this app? Chat with the front desk and get your questions answered quickly and from your computer, tablet, or smart phone.

4)Virtual Do Not Disturb- Toggle the do not disturb for your room simply by clicking one button. Stop hotel employees from bothering you in the room and out of the room.


